[CF1] cert warning (#20826)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/manual-deployment.mdx

The root certificate is now installed and ready to be used.

:::caution

> If your certificate is installed in the **Local Machine Store**, the [device posture check](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/) looking for a certificate will fail. Install the certificate in the **Current User Store** to ensure a successful posture device check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your certificate is installed in the **Local Machine Store**, the [device posture check](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/), which looks for a certificate, will fail. Install the certificate in the **Current User Store** to ensure a successful posture device check.
```
